♪
(man)
And now to break the ice
and any chance you
have at winning this duel,
Mobius the Frost Monarch,
put the freeze on
Power Dart Striker!
Nice play.
It's not fair!
Your cards are so
much better than mine!
Incorrect...
You weren't defeated by
the cards in my deck...
You were defeated by...
Everyone!
(everyone)
Sylvio!
That's me!
That's not to say I
don't have sweet cards...
I do, but what's even sweeter
are my skills!
Skills that
pay the bills!
And that give
the thrills!
So let's
give it up for...
(everyone)
Sylvio!
That's me!
Now...
Some might say...
I have a really
big ego...
Well...
(everyone)
He sure does!
It's true...
But my dueling talents
are even bigger!
So one more
time with feeling!
Go!
(everyone, harmonizing)
♪ Sylvio! ♪
Yeah, you
got that right!
And is there anyone out
there that can beat me?
Yuya Sakaki.
Whadaya mean
Yuya Sakaki?
All we mean, Sylvio,
is that he did beat
you in your last match...
Because he had better
cards, that's why!
His deck was stacked
against me from the get go,
I didn't stand a chance!
Huh?
Yeah, don't
you remember?
Before the duel, you
took Yuya's Pendulum cards
and gave him a deck
full of duds!
Oh, forget
about that!
I've changed
my game.
Mark my words...
Yuya is
all washed up!
Ahhh...
Refreshing!
Better than a
marmalata bath!
Sometimes I really wonder
about you, Frederick.
Uh, Yuya...
You think maybe we
can head off now?
I mean how long does
it take to freshen up?
Oh, a while longer...
We've been here
an hour!
I know it, Zuzu,
but the smell of success
doesn't come off
easily!
Got that right... 'cause this
is really starting to stink.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
(Zuzu)
Do me a favor, Allie...
The next time I have a
craving for ice cream,
remind me not to share
it with everyone.
(everyone)
Ice cream!
I'm more worried about sharing
Frederick's favorite flavor...
Seriously, pralines
and currywurst?
(distant talking)
What is it?
Shh!
(man)
I mean losing like
that to a You Show student
isn't something you get
over too easily.
I've never seen
Sylvio so fired up!
You know it.
When he gets his hands on
Yuya it's not gonna be pretty.
Oh, it's gonna be
pretty all right‐‐
pretty devastating
for Yuya!
I guess when you
put it that way!
Of course, it could get pretty
devastating for us, too,
if we're any later
delivering Sylvio's lunch.
This is bad!
Hey, wait for me!
♪
(man)
We're coming,
Sylvio!
Sorry we're late.
It won't
happen again!
Better not!
Let us make
it up to you.
How about we feed
you personally.
Or maybe chew
your food for you?
(Allie)
What are we doing
here, Zuzu?
Shouldn't we
go and warn Yuya?
(Zuzu)
In his duel with Sylvio, Yuya
gave it his all to help me.
Now's my chance
to return the favor.
This could get
dicey, Allie.
Head on back
to You Show.
Wait but...
Hey!
What are
you doing here?
(Zuzu)
Chew on this...
I heard what you
were planning!
How you're looking to
get some payback on Yuya.
Well, I'm not gonna
let you!
Can you at least
let me eat my pie?
Seriously, Sylvio, you
call that eating?
Maybe you should try
getting some in your mouth.
Huh?
She has a point.
♪
All right then...
What is it you were having
such a hissy fit about?
You can forget
your plans with Yuya!
You're in no
position to give‐‐
Duel me right here,
right now instead!
You can't be
serious‐‐
What's wrong?
Afraid you'll
rack up another loss?
Will you please
let me speak?
Actions speak
louder than words!
So what's it
gonna be?
We on?
Or are you too chicken?
I'm not chicken.
Mmm‐mmm
No, you're right,
you're not.
Know why?
Because that...
Would be insulting
to a chicken!
(Zuzu clucking)
You're on,
Zuzu.
(panting)
Aw,
what's wrong?
You look scared.
Now which of us
is chicken?
If we're going
strictly by appearances,
then it's still you,
'cause, I've seen
your bird brain abilities
in action against Yuya.
We'll see who's crying
fowl when this is over!
Now let's
get dueling!
(groaning)
Aw, man...
Now what?
Hope I'm not
interrupting.
And...
you are?
Someone on a very
special mission.
A mission that I will
complete no matter what.
Yeah, that's great
and all...
But can't you see we're
in the middle of something?
We're about to duel!
Yes... We are.
Never seen a duel
disk like that...
Okay, so then I guess
you'll be dueling for Zuzu?
He most certainly
will not be!
This is my
battle to fight,
and I fully plan
on fighting it‐‐
I've already put
you through enough.
Huh?
All righty
then...
Let's do this,
Mr. Mystery.
But once I win, you
gotta remove that mask.
I'll just go ahead and take
your brooding silence as a yes.
Now then,
ready or not...
Let's duel!
Let's duel.
I'll go first.
By all means.
I place all five cards
in my hand facedown.
(gasping)
I end my turn.
(murmuring)
(shuddering then laughing)
I love it, you show up
all cool and mysterious
and then play a lame
move like that?
He couldn't even
summon a single monster!
I mean, seriously, no wonder
this punk's wearing a mask!
He's too embarrassed
to show his face!
C'mon, admit it,
that's the reason!
Guess you'll have to
beat me to find out.
Fine.
♪
Yuya!
Whoa...
What's the
big hurry, Allie?
I had to get to you quick,
there's big trouble!
I'll say,
the ice cream's melted.
No prob.
Anyone have
a straw?
Trouble?
What kind of trouble, Allie?
Where's Zuzu?
She went after
Sylvio...
She went to duel
him to protect you!
All right, then.
It's time to show you
how it's done...
My turn!
Draw!
First, I think
I'll take advantage
of your facedown
cards...
After all, since you
have two or more cards
in your Spell and
Trap Card Zone,
I can summon this chillin'
villain straight from my hand!
Introducing Escher
the Frost Vassal!
But I'm not done...
Now I'll tribute Escher
for this cool customer!
Make way for Mobius
the Frost Monarch!
All right!
The duel just started and
Sylvio's already got
a big time monster out!
With a big time ability!
You see, when Mobius is
successfully summoned,
I can select up to
two spell and trap cards
on the field and freeze
them out!
And unfortunately for you,
I'm just getting
started because next...
I activate the spell
Tribute Carnival!
Now, since I've already
successfully executed
a Tribute Summon, I can
Tribute Summon once again!
And here I always thought
that carnivals
were supposed to be fun....
I gotta bad feeling
about what's coming next...
And you ought to!
But, please...
Don't just take
my word for it...
See for yourself!
Mobius the Frost Monarch,
farewell!
And now rise,
Mobius the Mega Monarch!
I know what you're
thinking...
Shouldn't I have had to
tribute summon two monsters
to bring out someone as powerful
and majestic as Mega Monarch?
Nope, because since
my Frost Monarch
was tribute
summoned himself...
He was able to handle the
job all by his lonesome.
(everyone)
Uh‐Oh!
And it's only going to be
getting worse for you because
now Mobius the Mega Monarch's
special ability activates!
When he's successfully
summoned, I get to select
up to three spell and trap
cards on the field
and then destroy them!
Nice!
Hurry up though!
Those cards
you're gonna destroy...
They could still
activate!
Actually, that's
the best part, you see,
since I tributed a Water
Attribute monster
to summon Mega Monarch,
those cards on the field...
Can't do a thing!
That is, except get
snow blown to bits!
Hey...
I can actually
feel the cold...
But that can't be...
Unless the action in
this duel is a lot more real
than I thought!
Having second thoughts about
this duel now, Mr. Mystery?
You have no facedowns
on the field
and no monsters to protect
your precious life points.
In the future, maybe you should
let Zuzu fight her own battles.
Look, as much as I
hate to agree with Sylvio...
He happens to have
a point here.
Why don't you just
let me take over the‐‐
I hate to interrupt
your little moment...
But we're in the middle
of duel if you recall?
And it was just
getting good...
Mobius!
Attack Mr. Mystery
directly!
Maybe then
he'll see my point!
I activate the spell card The
Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil
from my graveyard.
(everyone)
He did what?
The graveyard?
How can he do that?
Yeah, if a card's
in the graveyard
you can't use it unless‐‐
Unless you trigger that card's
effect like you just did
by declaring
a direct attack.
Now since I have three of
these cards in my graveyard,
I can summon three monsters
to the field!
I think maybe we
underestimated this guy.
I don't know what's
more mysterious,
who the man
behind the mask is,
or the way that
he duels.
Fine.
So you've got three
monsters on the field
but it doesn't change
a single thing!
Do you
wanna know why?
'Cause...
They're not going to
be there for long!
Mobius
the Mega Monarch!
Attack that first
Shadow Veil!
Sleet Spike Smash!
When Shadow Veil is
destroyed, it is banished
instead of placed
in the graveyard.
And that's what's
gonna happen to 'em all!
In due time,
of course.
But for now, I'll
throw a facedown.
And end my turn.
You survived this round, but you
won't survive this next one.
That's right,
you tell him, Sylvio!
I won't need to,
I'm ending this now.
Say what?
If you don't believe me,
just watch!
And watch closely because
there are better ways to learn
the truth about someone than by
simply seeing their face.
You can learn
quite a bit more...
By seeing the passion
of their play.
Passion of
their play?
What a complete
loser!
That guy's
too much!
I mean, seriously,
who talks like that?
Someone who understands dueling
in a way you all never will.
Someone who duels for
more than just themselves.
I overlay my two
Level 4 Phantom Knights
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
It can't be!
What is it?
(man)
It is like me.
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective.
Only, its objective
is to destroy!
I Xyz Summon...
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
I can't believe
what I'm seeing!
(clapping)
Very impressive,
Mr. Mystery,
but this
changes nothing.
You see...
A monster is only as powerful
as its attack points say it is.
So you do the math.
Your Rebellion Dragon
has just 2,500...
And my monster, Mobius
The Mega Monarch has 2,800!
Rebellion Dragon
is outmatched...
Your Xyz Summon
was a waste of time.
Your Dragon's about to
get the royal treatment!
A monster is only as powerful as
its attack points say it is...
Rebellion Dragon
is outmatched...
Your Xyz Summon
was a waste of time.
And your time is
running out, Sylvio,
because you're
wrong.
An Xyz Monster's true
power doesn't reside
in its attack points
but in something else...
Fine, then, I'll go on
and take the bait...
Where is its power?
It's in
Overlay Units.
By using one,
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon's
special ability activates!
Now until the end of this
turn, the attack points
of one Level 5‐or‐above monster
on your field are cut in half!
And then Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon gains that amount
in its attack points.
Oh no...
Now Mobius the Monarch is
the one who's outmatched!
And Sylvio
can't believe it!
I can't
believe it!
Believe it.
And I'm not done.
I now use the remaining
Overlay Unit and activate
Dark Rebellion Dragon's
special ability once again!
So he's doing
the same thing...
All over again?
(everyone)
Not good!
Go Rebellion Dragon!
4,600
attack points?
I still can't
believe this!
And now, Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon
will attack Mobius
The Mega Monarch!
Go Mauling
Mandible Charge!
(groaning)
(shattering and exploding)
Whoa... Is it
just me,
or did that
Dragon's attack
kinda feel like it really
just happened?
Yeah, like it was
an Action duel...
But there's no
ARC system here!
I wanna go home.
What's going
on here?
Who are you?
I'll be the one
asking the questions now.
This badge is from
the Leo Institute, is it not?
What's your connection
to Duel Academy?
Duel Academy?
Sorry,
you lost me.
Don't play dumb!
I'm not playing!
Everyone who enrolls in the Leo
Institute has a badge like that!
As for Duel Academy, I don't
know what you're talking about.
Is that a place?
A thing?
What?
You're of
no use to me.
Nice try, but this
duel's not over yet!
I play a trap!
Ice Rage!
And this ought to make you
angry, 'cause now the monster
that destroyed my Water monster
in battle goes bye‐bye!
And then you take damage
to your life points
equal to that
monster's attack points!
They say that your greatest
strength can sometimes be
your greatest weakness, and in
this case I'd say they're right
because the numbers
don't lie!
(laughing)
4,600!
That's the amount of
damage you'll be taking
to your life points!
No.
It won't be.
What?
I activate the spell Phantom
Spear from my graveyard.
Since you activated a trap card,
by banishing Phantom Spear,
your trap activation is
negated and the trap destroyed!
And then, you take
100 points of damage.
(shrieking)
Wait, time out, hold on a sec,
can't we talk about this?
Maybe negotiate
a truce?
No.
You wanted to finish
the duel, so I'm finishing it.
And since you still seem to
be blind as to who I am...
Yuya?
Huh?
I think I need
to sit down.
Uh, that's
falling down.
Yeah...
Now let's all fall
back, way back!
Yuya, I don't understand...
how'd you get here so fast?
And why... are you all
dressed up in this disguise?
Huh?
What's happening?
Uh...
Yuya?
Hello?
Where'd
you go?
Zuzu!
Huh?
What in the‐‐
There you are!
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Thanks to you.
You were here.
What do you
mean here?
Here when?
So strange...
Was that Yuya?
I just...
don't know...
You feeling
okay, Zuzu?
Maybe you oughta
get some fresh air.
It kinda smells
like smoke in here.
Of course, that's still an
improvement over the smell
of Frederick's pralines
and currywurst ice cream!
Ew‐yuck!
♪